Title: An Automated approach to prompt engineering for the improved accuracy of Zero-Shot image Classfiers

Content: Modern zero-shot classifiers, such as OpenAI's CLIP are able to take an image, a set of prompts and return a similarity
score of each prompt with respect to the image. The hypothesis of this research is that 'richer' prompts will improve the 
accuracy of modern zero-shot classifiers. The intuitive justification of this hypothesis is quite simple: the more an entity 
knows about an object the more likely the aforementioned entity will be able to understand the object in a greater context 
that also contains other objects. The intention of this research will be to justify the above hypothesis experimentally and to 
provide a method to 'enrich' prompts with the intention of improving the accuracy of modern zero-shot classifiers. 

Idea: (A) The first idea that will be investigated is the notion that given a label 'x', an imrpovement of this label would be:
f'x, a type of {object category of x}'. In this case the problem that must be solved is the production of the object category 
of the label. This is reliant upon the idea that all objects inherit properties from some overarching class of objects and that 
transformers are able to percieve these properties. 

Method: The model CLIP by OpenAI will be used for all experiments in this research. In all cases (unless stated otherwise) the 
resnet50 image feature extractor will be used for image feature extraction. 

Justify Hypothesis Experimentally: Various examples will be hand picked in order to demonstrate that there are cases in which the hypothesis 
holds. The initial experiments will attempt to show that labels produced using (A) are more effective than just the labels themselves.

Provide A Method: If the experiments regarding (A) show an increase in performance then an implementation of (A) will be constructed.
A semi-exhaustive list of object categories will need to be produced (or found) and then a transformer will be used to produce a map 
from the label to its overarching category. This could involve fine-tuning a natural language classifier, or using Hugging Face's 
zero-shot-classification pipeline.


Justification for prompt engineering in general: 
- It can be difficult to probe transformers to see what they have / what they have learned. This appears to be 
particularly relevant for large transformer.
- Framing tasks as masked language modelling and incorporating prompts has been see to be competative with finetuning 
the same model on the task (while being vastly cheaper in computative terms). (Shin et al., 2020)
- This approach is much more effective in data poor environments (where finetuning can suffer from instability)
"for example, a simple binary classification task will
introduce 2,048 new parameters for a RoBERTalarge model—making it challenging to learn from a
small amount of annotated data" (Gao T et al., 2021)
- In the case where one wants to perform multiple language tasks instead of finetuning multiple instances of the same 
model one could just change the prompt (this saves storage space and computative resources)
- In the event one does not want to adjust model parameters (for any reason) prompt engineering is a competative 
alternative






